after nine years of flight New Horizons
a won't
[Applause]
[Music]
we had our first glimpse of the most
distant world ever visited
[Music]
Pluto is beautiful in far from being a
frigid featureless world it turns out
that it has all the characteristics of a
dynamic living planet and yes it is cold
on the surface about minus 230 degrees
Celsius I'd be walking over solid
nitrogen but the blotches that could be
made out in the grainy Hubble Space
Telescope images turned out to be a
tremendous variety of geological form
and structure
[Music]
but by far the most recognizable feature
is the region known as Tombo Reggio or
to give it its more popular name
Pluto's heart
the Western lobe of the heart is caused
sputnik clinician
a giant plain frozen nitrogen methane
and carbon monoxide
the stretches for a million square
kilometers
[Music]
and as its edge lies a range of
mountains made of pure frozen water ice
that rise up to six kilometers above the
plain
you